# Applied Data Science Portfolio
*Emilio Caba Batuecas - Energy Dwelling Insights*

This portfolio contains...

<br>

## Contents

### DataCamp courses
Datacamp courses done

<br>

### Project Development
- #### Domain Knowledge
  - Introduction of the subject field
  
As noted previously, the data that we have analyzed in this project comes from the smart meters which are installed in every dwelling from two different neighborhoods. Apart from those sources, we have also used weather data from the KNMI (Koninklijk Nederlands Meteorologisch Instituut).
  
  - Literature research
  - Explanation of terminology, jargon and definitions
  
- #### Research Project
  - Task Definition
  - Evaluation
  - Conclusion
  - Planning
  
- #### Data Preprocessing
  - **Data exploration**
    During the development of this project, we will be using data from three different resources:
	  - _**Groene Mient**_: The first dataset belongs to Groene Mient, a neighborhood placed on The Hague (The Netherlands) which consists of 33 houses. This dataset is labeled and will be used to create the different models which allow us to make the predictions.
	  - _**Anonymous neighborhood**_: The second dataset belongs to a neighborhood placed on The Netherlands which consist of 120 houses. This dataset is not labeled, we will use it to feed our models with different data and see how they behave.
	  - _**KNMI**_: In order to get more insight about the dwellings characteristics, we will use weather data to imporive our models, this data comes from the *Koninklijk Nederlands Meteorologisch Instituut*.

    #### _**Groene Mient**_
    The data from _Groene Mient_ comes inside an excel file which consists of two different sheets:
    - **_Productie_ sheet**: It contains the energy delivery read by the smart meter.
    - **_Consumptie_ sheet**: It contains the energy consumption read by the smart meter.
    Both of the sheets contain some other information about the dwelling that we will explain later.
  - Data cleaning
  - Data preparation
  - Data visualization
  
- #### Predictive Analytics
  - Selecting a model
  - Configuring a model
  - Training a model
  - Evaluationg a model
  - Visualizing the outcome of a model
  
- #### Communication
  - Presentations
  - Writing paper
